# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 12ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 13ms
    [gap of 17ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 49ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 60ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 23ms
    [gap of 11ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 20ms
    [gap of 20ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 75ms
  [gap of 18ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 97ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 12ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 20ms
    [gap of 19ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 60ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 71ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 15ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 18ms
    [gap of 19ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 59ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 70ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 12ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 14ms
    [gap of 17ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 50ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 60ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 15ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 58ms
    create-X86-model 11ms
    create-X86_64-model 10ms
    [gap of 16ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 124ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 138ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 14ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 13ms
    [gap of 16ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 49ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 60ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 12ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 14ms
    [gap of 18ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 52ms
  [gap of 13ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 67ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 11ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 13ms
    [gap of 17ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 49ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 57ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 12ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 13ms
    [gap of 16ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 48ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 59ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 12ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 13ms
    [gap of 17ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 49ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 60ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 13ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 13ms
    [gap of 17ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 49ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 58ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 20ms
    create-variant-model 13ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 24ms
    [gap of 40ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 100ms
  [gap of 20ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 129ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 13ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 13ms
    [gap of 16ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 49ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 59ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 13ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 13ms
    [gap of 16ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 50ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 60ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 16ms
    [gap of 12ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 18ms
    [gap of 22ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 69ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 81ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 15ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 16ms
    [gap of 25ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 65ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 77ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 33ms
    [gap of 11ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 15ms
    [gap of 19ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 78ms
  [gap of 13ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 95ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 15ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 13ms
    [gap of 17ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 51ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 63ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 15ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 14ms
    [gap of 17ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 53ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 64ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 13ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 14ms
    [gap of 18ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 53ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 62ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 14ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 13ms
    [gap of 16ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 50ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 60ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 14ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 13ms
    [gap of 10ms]
    create-X86_64-model 26ms
    [gap of 14ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 22ms
    create-X86-model 15ms
    create-X86_64-model 36ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 156ms
  [gap of 24ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 183ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 14ms
  [gap of 48ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 63ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 12ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 13ms
    [gap of 16ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 48ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 59ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 13ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 17ms
    [gap of 19ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 58ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 68ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 16ms
    [gap of 15ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 15ms
    [gap of 18ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 65ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 74ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 13ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 14ms
    [gap of 16ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 50ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 59ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 12ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 13ms
    [gap of 17ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 51ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 62ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 14ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 14ms
    [gap of 16ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 51ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 63ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 13ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 14ms
    [gap of 19ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 53ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 64ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 14ms
    [gap of 10ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 20ms
    [gap of 19ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 64ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 73ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 23ms
    [gap of 11ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 20ms
    [gap of 37ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 91ms
  [gap of 20ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 116ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 12ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 13ms
    [gap of 17ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 49ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 60ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 18ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 14ms
    create-X86_64-model 17ms
    [gap of 11ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 71ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 81ms

