# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 27ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 28ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 20ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 21ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 17ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 18ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 45ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 46ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 25ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 27ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 27ms]
    create-X86-model 11ms
    create-X86_64-model 13ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 54ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 56ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 34ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 39ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 26ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 28ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 16ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 18ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 13ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 15ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 22ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 23ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 31ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 33ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 33ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 35ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-variant-model 11ms
    [gap of 14ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 30ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 31ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 25ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 27ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 11ms
    create-variant-model 18ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 14ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 14ms
    [gap of 18ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 77ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 79ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 14ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 15ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 30ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 34ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 14ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 16ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 13ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 14ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 18ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 20ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 20ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 23ms

