# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 18ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 20ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 22ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 24ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 48ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 51ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 14ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 15ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 20ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 21ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 12ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 13ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 14ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 15ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 13ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 16ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 11ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 12ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 12ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 13ms

